Bug-1864284 Allow localhost access for temporary MV3 add-ons (#42410)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/147/index.md

## Changes for add-on developers

> - You can gain access to the local host in temporarily loaded Manifest V3 extensions by setting the origin as `localhost` or `127.0.0.1` in the manifest.json [`content_security_policy`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/content_security_policy) key. ([Firefox bug 1864284](https://bugzil.la/1864284))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Temporarily loaded Manifest Version 3 extensions can now load scripts from localhost, as explained at [scripts from localhost in the Content Security Policy](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Content_Security_Policy#scripts_from_localhost). ([Firefox bug 1864284](https://bugzil.la/1864284))
```
